follow the system no matter what happenes. 
define entry, exit, stoploss. maintain low risk-to-reward ratio. wait for the entry keep paitence trade will come 
identify patterns and relate them with historical patterns. (
profitable trades shows profits from start. so hold them and trail sl upto 25% retracement from top profit and then cut the trade.
cut loss trades short without thinking. they are part of game. and don't average loss trades both in intraday and swing bcoz profit take care of themselves. 
use moving averages and vwap and never buy a stock for swing trade bcoz it is fallen too much instead use moving average use angles and decide sl for specific angles. 
markets are always same. 
trade with market leaders and large caps(nifty 50).
take limited no of trades and focus on increasing efficiency of setup and refine it and increase quantities after that.
use probing and pyrimiding.
maintain yourself in market even though i dont trade , check charts everyday
use memory and keep mistakes in mind
check volumes 
use technicals like moving averages, vwap, volumes, support and resistanes in past bcoz they become pivot points of reversals 
use trend of market for intraday
if stock or index does not move in the direction i anticipated just square off the trade and wait 
dont expect returns from market just follow the process
the more i follow the process more money i can make
never get attached to the stock emetionally cut losses if they dont give profits
take it seriously
build temperament of handle pressure, cut losses short, see charts and respect the market like cut losses, go with the strategy 
first calculate the risk in any trade 
build the process/setup for entry and exit
build conviction and then go with huge quantities
slow but steady wins the race


############
if nifty is going upward and portfolio/stock is going down the distribution is done and sell the stock/portfolio
if gap up is there in index and trend is upward from last some days then within 20-25 min index come down fill gap and then go upward
use market reversal points from last some days and determine support and resistence wait it to come there and take trade without hesitation
